---
layout: post
title: Contextual Inquiry Check-In
subtitle: Each post also has a subtitle
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [test]
comments: true
---

We interviewed Elias Romero, a student in 10th grade who has a background in wrestling. We interviewed him in the cafeteria, a clean space, during E period, while all of us were eating together. Elias told us he does not litter and he does not like the littering that happens on campus. We led with questions straight away, in a tone that more or less implied that we had a distaste for littering and wanted his opinion on how to end it. One of our first questions was: “Why do you think people litter on campus?” This question heavily implies that we think littering is bad and that we want to get to the root of it, so we can end it for good at Horace Mann. We learned that Elias thinks littering happens in or around the tents because it is an enclosed space, where it feels less risky and safer to leave one’s food lying around. People feel like they have the right to leave their trash and let the maintenance clean it up, with no respect for those faculty members. On top of that, some tents are really far away from the trash cans, and going to them might be a hassle at times. While there may be trash cans in the tents, they are often smaller and therefore already filled to the brim with trash and food scraps. Elias proposed to us that we could set up larger trash cans next to all the tents. This way, it would be much easier for a student to throw out their trash. That student would see the trash cans upon entering the tents, reminding them that there is a trash can nearby for them to throw their trash out. Moreover, on the rare chance that trash is left in the tents, it would be so easy for the maintenance to throw it out as there is a trash can there. Elias was happy to answer our questions, as he is our friend and classmate and felt comfortable helping us with our mission. We will absolutely consider his feedback about putting bigger trash cans in more accessible places. For future inquiries, we will have to work even harder. This is because we want to interview non-students, including a teacher and a faculty member. For this, we will have to act more professionally, schedule a meeting beforehand, and prepare more intricate questions to ask the person.
