---
layout: post
title: Clean HM Proposal
subtitle: Group Project
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [test]
comments: true
---

Team Contract

Preliminary Information: Who is in the team, what are their schedules like, any extracurricular commitments requiring extra time, what are everyone’s skill sets, what are people’s general goals with respect to this course and project?
Darson, Ben, Sarene, Loren.
Serene is not free on Wednesdays, Sundays, Loren is not free on Tuesdays (6-7), Thursdays (5:15-6:15), and Saturdays
We all do clubs but are generally free.
Serene is versed in Java, C++, Python R, HTML
Darson is versed in Java, C++, Python, HTML
Ben is on the same level as Loren
We all want to complete the project that is more than satisfactory in a timely manner, learn Swift, and learn more about the design process.

Guiding Principles: What is the team’s philosophy? What are some ground rules everyone can agree on? What is your mission?
Teamwork is important, but motivation is the driving force for teamwork.
Be respectful and pull your own weight, we will sympathize/compromise with each other’s problems.
Our mission is to create an app to promote eco-friendliness and to learn more about computer science.

Focus on Purpose: What is the purpose of your project? What is your goal – as you begin your project now, what would you like to have accomplished by the end of this project?
Our mission is to create an app to help clean up the trash around the HM Campus.

Group Roles: Can be specifically defined for each person or can be general and open-ended
We will all brainstorm ideas for the app, some of us will organize/focus more on the writing, some of us will focus/code more for the app.

Division of Labor: Similar to group roles, but in this section you should specifically outline how the workload will be distributed among the group members.
Ben will edit and focus more on writing. Edit grammar, language, etc.
Darson will edit and write many of the topics
Serene will code. She will mainly create a website.
Loren will organize the website

Team Name: What is your team name and what is the rationale behind it?
CleanHM because we want to clean the HM campus. It might change later on if we want the app to be for more locations than just HM

Team Logo: What will be your project logo and what is the rationale behind it?
It is currently a trash can with the HM letters on it, mainly to symbolize the name CleanHM. Again, if we want the app to be fore more locations, we will change the logo.

Team Plan: Write your plan for who will do what as you work on the Group Project Proposal.
We will all work together to finish the writing.

Meeting Management: How often will you meet? How will you coordinate when to meet? How will you communicate to plan meetings? How will the meetings be conducted, what are your expectations for each group member? How will you support each other so that if someone is having a bad day, the meeting can still be successful? How will you make decisions, what happens if people disagree?
2 to 3 times a week. Besides the times during the class, we will also meet on Saturday
We hope to conduct a 15-25 minute meeting as well as to figure out/work on the Group Project Proposal. 
If someone cannot make it, we will fill them in on what we discussed and continue with our meeting.
If anyone disagrees, we will hear out their ideas and then do a vote on what we should do. 

Documentation/Accountability: How will you record the pertinent information from a meeting? How will you use each meeting to make an actionable plan for your work and your next meeting? How will you make sure people are held accountable for doing their part?
We will make a shared google doc and write what we discussed and record the information
The meetings will be used mainly to work on our Group Project Proposal
To make sure everyone does their part, we will discuss what people have done during the meetings.

Rewards/Punishments: How will you motivate yourselves and each other to do your part and deliver the best possible results? What happens if someone fails to meet their commitments? How is success rewarded? How will you respond to a failure to adhere to this product? How will you provide each other with helpful and honest feedback without disrupting the process or hurting the team dynamic?
To make sure everyone is motivated to work on the project, we will work together or in pairs so we have someone to talk to. 
By pairing people up, we can keep an eye on each other while working. This will make it easier to see if someone is behind or not putting effort into the project, so we can stay on a zoom longer and wait for them to finish up. Moreover, we can provide feedback to each other while we are working so it does not hurt the team dynamic as we are all in a working mood.

Follow-Up: How will you check in with each other to make sure this contract is serving the needs of your team and, in turn, that your team is adhering to the contract? How will you revise the contract, should the need arise? How will you make decisions regarding revisions to the contract? What happens if someone on the team has an issue at any point during the process?
We will check in with each other on the Saturday meeting and make sure everyone is adhering to this contract.
If we need to revise the contract, we will all pull up this document and redo the part together and make sure we all agree with what we have written.
If anyone has an issue during our proposal process, we will hear the issue and fix it accordingly.


We were interested in solving the problem of littering around campus because the problem has escalated throughout this particular year. As a result of the coronavirus and the protocols that come with it, students are required to eat outside and often forget to throw away their food and garbage. If the students continue to not throw their trash out, these bad habits might carry over to following years in Horace Mann, setting a really bad image for our school.  Not only that, but they are creating extra work for others, often staff members, who end up picking after them. We were motivated to solve this problem as it seems like such an inconsiderate inaction to not throw your food away. Moreover, creating an app that combats the inaction of throwing garbage away seems challenging and quite fun to develop. We think we may not be able to complete an app that includes everything we want from it, so it would be a good challenge to try.

This year, students have spent an increased amount of time on the field, under tents and, in general, outside. This time outside is a direct result of the global pandemic, as students are encouraged to be outside since it's a lot more corona friendly than being indoors. The majority of students also eat their lunches outside; since some students don’t pick up after themselves, there’s a lot of trash on the field. The extra garbage is an issue because the students who don’t throw away their trash end up creating more work for the maintenance staff. As Señor Dalo has addressed in multiple emails that have not been heeded, there is no maid service at HM. Any member of the staff who picks up after students is doing something that they shouldn’t have to. Not only are they creating extra work for others and littering on campus, but the students who leave their trash everywhere are being inconsiderate and lazy. There are trash cans all over campus; it’s simply a question of entitlement.  Clearly, students have the capability of cleaning up after themselves, they are just lacking motivation.

The first participant we want to interview is a Horace Mann student, preferably in the upper division. We will most likely stop someone in the hall and make sure to socially distance with them as we ask them questions. The second participant will be a Horace Mann teacher. This will be more cleanly set up, as one of us could schedule a meeting with one of our teachers and ask them questions. The meeting will be carried out like a standard student-teacher meeting, which teachers generally make sure are socially distanced. Finally, we want to interview a HM maintenance staff member. To accomplish this we will figure out how to politely request an interview with someone who cleans the field or looks after the food, and we will find a safe space (at least six feet apart) to really get a feel of how frustrating it is to clean up after Horace Mann students. We believe we will be able to accomplish this in one week, either by scheduling times beforehand or splitting up to interview people separately.
