The test was conducted with my grandma in my home. I chose my grandma because my grandparents are not the most familiar with the technology. Therefore, if she can use the app, then everyone can. The environment was chosen because she usually stays at home. I introduced her to the project by showing her the sheets and gave the scenario that she wanted to throw trash out. She did not understand how the photo and leaderboard fit into the app, which is why a help panel is very necessary. For example, she was confused about how the photo gave a point nor understood what the points were for. She did know how the alarm works because she has used the clock alarm before, so not much had to change there. The team members did not play the largest role, but I did change the paper prototype from only my pictures to all four of ours’. I learned that it was not the most ideal to choose my grandma because she wouldn’t be one of the people to use the app in the first place, but couldn’t really choose anyone else because I had too much work to do. However, I do think the takeaways were still beneficial, for a help panel that does not have too many words and takes someone through the app will help everyone. 

Positive Incidents: Generally accessible for even old people, The alarm page is very similar to the alarm section in the Clock app, so it was easy to use

Negative Incidents: need a more prominent help page, Confusing photo page and unclear how it works, The leaderboard go to the photo page with a button that doesn’t say “go to photo page”
